what wave friends of youtube here are
ideas in this new video of a gameplay
from minecraft that edit in a way
script that is called villagers this
I had previously uploaded to my channel
a world that is called villagers but I
they had asked that if I could
customize this we have putting it in
Spanish and telling him if he could put
the skin of villagers and then I found the
way to put them and then we started what
that a description is to leave a page
They are unloaded from the middle
and we are going to enter our manager
of files that do not have it
draw in the description we're going to go
where the file was downloaded
that in the case of a blog
it will appear
it's called models a day we're going to
put
we're going to give it tight and we're going to
be to put extract in what we are going to
put current and ok here maybe yes
I already have them but I 'm going to say yes
because they see but what they are going to put
to be the next the mount the villagers
what is being
this and this are where are you going to put the
that went green
well what are we going to do next
let's open the blog launcher but what
what are we going to do here is the following
we open options of the umh chair we are going to
activate the textures we are going to put
textures packages we 're going to
previously where it had been downloaded
here texture of sound we are going to put
let's chop
and the next thing is to enable mode
write it let's manage mode
script that we are going to import
local storage we are going to go to
where are you watching come out downloaded here
we are from the villagers ok
we open a map
and as you can see here and there have a stick
to press and here comes the first one
topic
as bless villager has been added and
I'm still in my earlier that forgiveness is me
Hill
tibet in previous mode are going to see that
it's like my corner
but good and I solved everything I changed
modify them
there is consistent
what it says
in case they are going to say some words that
I put them here myself, I do not like it
this village
me in these paragraphs or words as
I put them on
good friends also to tell you about
that I'm going to start a new series and I'm going
to use a lot to see if I do not know how many
much uses to see how many mods I
Hold the tablet
and then I do not know onions
09 I think I'll start it on 10 11 it's in
pending the channel I hope you support me
and I'm going to upload new things on the channel
good friends this is all I hope you
have liked to give me a like comment
subscribe and until next time